Add new Python and C++/CUDA Custom Op tutorials (#2888)
pytorch/tutorials: advanced_source/custom_ops_landing_page.rst

.. _custom-ops-landing-page:

PyTorch Custom Operators Landing Page
=====================================

PyTorch offers a large library of operators that work on Tensors (e.g. ``torch.add``,
``torch.sum``, etc). However, you may wish to bring a new custom operation to PyTorch
and get it to work with subsystems like ``torch.compile``, autograd, and ``torch.vmap``.
In order to do so, you must register the custom operation with PyTorch via the Python
`torch.library docs <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/library.html>`_ or C++ ``TORCH_LIBRARY``
APIs.

TL;DR
-----

> How do I author a custom op from Python?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a custom operator from Python?
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Please see :ref:`python-custom-ops-tutorial`.

You may wish to author a custom operator from Python (as opposed to C++) if:
- you have a Python function you want PyTorch to treat as an opaque callable, especially with
respect to ``torch.compile`` and ``torch.export``.
- you have some Python bindings to C++/CUDA kernels and want those to compose with PyTorch
subsystems (like ``torch.compile`` or ``torch.autograd``)

> How do I integrate custom C++ and/or CUDA code with PyTorch?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrating custom C++ and/or CUDA code with PyTorch
```
